## FitSnap3 Tungten - Beryllium example

This example will generate a potential for tungsten and beryllium as published in 
Wood, M. A., et. al. Phys. Rev. B 99 (2019) 184305.  This potential was developed 
for the purpose of studying plasma material interactions in fusion reactors.

#### Running this example:

To run this example, use the following command in this directory:

mpirun -n 4 python3 -m fitsnap3 WBe-example.in

#### Files in this Directory

WBe-example.in 

Input file containing parameters to run FitSNAP and generate
the W-Be potential

JSON/

Directory that contains all the training configurations which are organized
into different groups.

#### Files generated by example:

WBe_pot.snapcoeff

SNAP potential coefficient file that contains all the beta coefficients for 
this potential.  This is one of two files needed to use this potential in LAMMPS

WBe_pot.snapparam

SNAP potential parameters file that contains the hyperparameters and options used during 
the fit for this potential.  This is one of two files needed to use this potential in LAMMPS

WBe_metrics.csv

Contains a variety of error metrics for all the training groups for this fit.

Note that the 20May21_Standard/ directory contains sample output for this example for comparison

#### Important input parameters for this example

numTypes = 2 : Two atom types for this example
rcutfac = 4.812302818 : Radial cutoff (hyperparameter) chosen for this potential 
wj1 = 1.0 : Elemental weight on tungsten for density expansion
wj2 = 0.9590493408 : Elemental weight on beryllium for density expansion
radelem1 = 0.5 : Tungsten per-element cutoff 
radelem2 = 0.417932464 : Beryllium per-element cutoff
type1 = W : Chemical symbol for first element which should match training files in JSON
type2 = Be : Chemical symbol for second element which should match training files in JSON
bzeroflag = 1 : Forces Bspec to 0 when atoms are non-interacting (different from linear example)
quadraticflag = 0 : Quadratic SNAP is turned off, using linear SNAP 

See docs/TEMPLATE.in for further information on input parameters

#### Tungsten-Beryllium data from:

The JSON configurations and hyperparameters used for this example are published in:

Wood, Mitchell A., et al. "Data-driven material models for
atomistic simulation." Physical Review B 99.18 (2019): 184305.

**Note to Developers: Make sure this example still reproduces the same results when modifying code**

