## FitSnap3 Indium Phosphide example

This example will generate a potential for InP as published in 
Cusentino, M.A. et. al, J. Chem. Phys.  (2020).  This version 
of the Indium Phosphide potential uses the linear version of SNAP.
This particular example demostrates the Explicit Multi-Element (EME-SNAP)
version of SNAP where the weighted densities are now broken into
partial densities based on atom type leading to a better description 
of chemically complex systems.  This option is denoted by "alloyflag" 
in the FitSNAP input file.

#### Running this example:

To run this example, use the following command in this directory:

mpirun -n 4 python3 -m fitsnap3 InP-example.in

#### Files in this Directory

InP-example.in 

Input file containing parameters to run FitSNAP and generate
the Indium Phosphide potential

grouplist.in

File that lists all the training groups in the JSON directory, 
the number of files in each group, and the energy, force, and virial training 
weights on each group.

JSON/

Directory that contains all the training configurations which are organized
into different groups.

#### Files generated by example:

InP_pot.snapcoeff

SNAP potential coefficient file that contains all the beta coefficients for 
this potential.  This is one of two files needed to use this potential in LAMMPS

InP_pot.snapparam

SNAP potential parameters file that contains the hyperparameters and options used during 
the fit for this potential.  This is one of two files needed to use this potential in LAMMPS

InP_metrics.csv

Contains a variety of error metrics for all the training groups for this fit.

Note that the 20Jun20_Standard/ directory contains sample output for this example


#### Important input parameters for this example

rcutfac = 1  : Radial cutoff (hyperparameter) chosen for this potential
wj1 = 1.0 : Elemental weight on Indium for density expansion
wj2 = 9.293160905266721e-01 : : Elemental weight on Phosphide for density expansion
radelem1 = 3.812045629514403e : Indium per-element cutoff
radelem2 = 3.829453817954964e : Phospide per-element cutoff
type1 = In : Chemical symbol for element which should match training files in JSON
type2 = P  : Chemical symbol for element which should match training files in JSON
eshift = In : -1.65967588701534  : Per atom training data energy shift for In
eshift = P  : 4.38159549501534 : Per atom training data energy shift for P
quadraticflag = 0 : Quadratic SNAP is turned off, using linear SNAP
chemflag = 1 : Flag to turn on EME-SNAP
bnormflag = 1 : Flag to turn on normalization of j indices (speeds up MD runs)
wselfallflag = 1 : Adds wself contribution to the density 

See docs/TEMPLATE.in for further information on input parameters

#### Indium Phosphide data from:

The JSON configurations and hyperparameters used for this example are published in:

- Thompson, A.P., et. al.,, Automated algorithms for quantum-level accuracy in
  atomistic simulations: LDRD final report, Technical Report SAND 2014-17862, Sandia 
  National Laboratories, Albuquerque, NM, 2014.

- Cusentino, M.A., Wood, M.A., and Thompson, A.P., Explicit Multi-element Extension of 
  the Spectral Neighbor Analysis Potential for Chemically Complex Systems, J. Chem. 
  Phys. (2020).

**Note to Developers: Make sure this example still reproduces the same results when modifying code**



